well let's go to tadak Abu AUM our
correspondent in Gaza he's joining us
live from raafa in southern Gaza and
tadak how are people there reacting to
Iran's strikes on
Israel well yesterday the majority of
Palestinians were following closely what
was happening in the Israeli front as
the uh the Iranian military has has
attacked Israel with dozens of uh
unmanned aerial vehicles alongside with
pestic and Cru missiles as they have
seen these missiles as they were hiding
to hit Israeli targets passing through
the sky of the Gaza Strip Palestinians
and generally as we've been talking to
them saying that it was a normal
retaliation from the Iranian side
regarding the Israeli latest attack on
the Iranian Consulate in Damascus as the
uh the Israeli military had targeted it
in area oajan but yet they are seeing
that it could be a f sign from Iran
regarding a potential escalation in the
region as the fighting could be spilled
over it's clearly to remember earlier
that hisbah has been engaging in the
fighting since the beginning of the
conflict here in the territory as a kind
of support for the Palestinian armed
groups and right now the expansion like
Iran is joining the battle uh after the
Israeli attack on its consulate could be
also a further indication that the
situation within the coming hours and
days could be completely uh dire and
difficult and right now Palestinians are
waiting for the Israeli retaliation as
they clearly understand that the the
Israel is conducting different kinds of
coordinations and different levels with
the American Administration regarding
its potential uh attack or retaliation
to the Iranian attack on the Israeli
targets also people here have been
following and seeing the interception of
the majority of the drones and uh the uh
Israeli uh the Iranian missiles that hit
the Israeli Targets in the Israeli
territories and Tark even as people are
following what's been happening from
Iran over to Israel it's been another
night of deadly Israeli strikes across
Gaza
itself well despite the Iranian attack
on the Israeli targets Israel kept
bounding the Gaza Strip in the past uh
few hours and even overnight where a
number of residential buildings have
been destroyed inat refugee camp where a
number of casualties uh and victims have
fallen and the these casualties have
been transferred to Al AA and to Al AA
hospital to receive medical treatment
and here in arafa we've been hearing
constant buzzing of the Israel
surveillance of drones since the early
hours of today's morning as they are
trying to gather more security and
intelligence information about potential
targets could be attacked within the
coming hours but yet uh confrontations
and battles are still raging in the
northern part of narat refugee camp and
even in alaka area between Hamas
Fighters and the Israeli military and
according to eyewitnesses on the ground
in the northern part of anarat refugee
camp they have been saying that the
Israeli qu copter drones have been
opening fire against people in the uh
north of an musat as a part of the
Israeli operation there as they have
been stressing on the fact that Israel
is demolishing houses and raising
agriculture land which could be assigned
according to a Palestinian uh experts
saying that it could be assigned that
Israel is expanding the corridor that it
has recently established splitting
between the North and the southern part
of the Gaza Strip as the bombardment and
artillery Shilling did not stop within
the past few hours in that area thic
thank you very much for that that's our
correspondent thic abaz was the very
latest live in Rafa and Southern Gaza
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer